Update system requirements for 2.4.2 (#8210)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/install-gde/system-requirements.md

## Technologies Magento can use

> *  [Redis][] version 6.x is recommended for Magento 2.4.2. Magneto 2.4.x is compatible with Redis 5.

Reviewer: Issue with using .x is you could argue that .x could be .3 .4 etc
```suggestion
*  [Redis][] version 6.x is recommended for Magento 2.4.2 and higher. Magento 2.4.1 and lower are compatible with Redis 5.
```

Author: Good eye on the typo. I will leave the other as is. x does indeed subsume higher numbers, but the number of install errors on those versions is sure to be low. ;)
